There's one additional step that you will see in
the game loop given in the final project code,
and that is time control.
If we let the while loop shown here run as fast as the computer processor will allow,
the game maybe unplayable on a very fast machine,
and we'll play at different speeds depending on where it is run.
Each pass through the while loop,
will only be limited by the power of the processor running the game.
To fix this problem,
we just need to add a timer to the game loop.
The timer will sleep if the input update and render steps happen too quickly,
so that you can maintain a consistent gameplay during
the course of the game and across all devices.
In the next exercise,
you will see three code snippets demonstrating
possible candidates for a game loop with a timer.
Think carefully about the code and each snippet,
and choose the one that you think represents
a correctly functioning game loop with time control.